tissue

1: (n) tissue (part of an organism consisting of an aggregate of cells having a similar structure and function)
2: (n) tissue, tissue paper (a soft thin (usually translucent) paper)

1
As the weeks passed, he put on weight, removed the fatty tissue from his cheekbones, thickened his cheeks enough to remove the gauntness, and restored his complexion to a healthier hue.
Then the terrifying drrrnngg of the pain-making aura that seared every nerve ending without numbing or damaging tissue.
Tooth enamel was long thought to be dead tissue, for instance.
And then the news was broken to everyone about the culturing of the scar tissue, and there were a few dissenters but they were soon conditioned out of their dissension and the population was stabilized.
See that your damaged tissues are repaired as fully as possible.
But she had flicked scar tissue and I answered almost sharply, "I am not employee of Warden."
Sidis grin was sagging, hooked up on the bad side by twisted scar tissue.
It puffed around his face, stinging the skin tissues there, a pink mist that went into his lungs.
Alfieri's heart pumped Alfieri's blood through the new tissue.
You pump air into the wing, and the tissue -- skin, cells, stiffeners and all -- absorbs it and stores it as semistable compounds.
But the optic nerve is brain tissue, not ordinary nerve tissue.
I wouldn't be surprised if you could rupture lung tissues that way.
They don't expend themselves futilely trying to get rid of what they consider invading tissue.
Organs and tissues for later transplants can be more readily preserved.
After that, the tissues of the lungs are exposed to emptiness and begin to release their liquids through surface boiling, with fatal and agonizing results.
I strained with every bit of muscle tissue to no useful end.
I could almost feel cartilage tear and muscle tissues pop.
His vision was blurring, shot through with red; his lungs ached, his tissues screamed their torture.
"Do you choose to experience the destruction of your body's tissues?"
Ms. Armul says there is also some evidence that a ketogenic diet breaks down muscle tissue for energy.
But despite the advances of medicine through the centuries there still wasn't any way for our techs to get blood or several other kinds of tissue samples out of a humanoid body without poking it with a syringe or punch.
In experiments they have used a plug of tissues consisting mainly of blood vessels.
We cannot establish the significance of the multiple substances  that were detected in Ms. Fisher's blood and tissue with regard to the cause of death.
Meningitis is the inflammation of tissue surrounding the brain and spinal cord, which can be caused by viral or bacterial infections.
“For most dinosaurs that I looked at, there would have been a substantial amount of physiologically active soft tissues in their noses,” said Bourke.

2
He dabbed at his forehead with a large floral-patterned tissue.
Durlston took a tissue and flicked the seat, then he sat down with his jacket on, looking cool and calm and impeccable.
Both had been torn loose from their mountings and wadded into the nose like so much tissue paper, crushing the instrument panel.
Magnan trailed, mopping at his face with a scented tissue.
Turning her back on Adam, she lifted the lid of the top box, pulled aside the tissue paper and carefully drew out a garland of stephanotis.
Chuck turned his large frame and caromed a box of tissues off Steve's left shoulder.
He took a clean issue tissue tunic from the wall dispenser.
Inside each was a multitude of tiny compartments, each with a bit of something wrapped in cloth or paper tissue.
I did not want to shoot Mr. Castile at all,  Yanez said as he took off his glasses and wiped away tears with a tissue.
He'd run out of tissues, and his nose was a continual drip, while breathing seemed almost impossible.
He wiped his nose and reached for a fresh tissue.
He wiped his brow with a paper tissue.
Finished, he climbed over the rail and joined Wenzl, mopping his brow with a tissue.
He sneezed as the dry air caught the tissue pf his nostrils.
She quickly stuffed the tissue in the disposal and sat up, touching her blond hair lightly with her hands.
She didn't want a tissue or a cup of water from the cooler or anything at all.
Winston followed her around the room, collecting the small frail objects (Christmas, birthday, and anniversary) and wrapping them in tissue paper.
Winston folded the tissue paper carefully.
Ben winced as she unwrapped the bloody tissue and wiped the slash with anesthetic, then turned his attention to the pen and paper the Deskman was offering, and almost laughed.
Tissue paper production and consumption is predicted to continue to grow because of factors like urbanization, increasing disposable incomes and consumer spending.
Japanese tissue may be made from one of three plants, the kōzo plant (Broussonetia papyrifera, paper mulberry tree), the mitsumata (Edgeworthia chrysantha) shrub and the gampi tree (Diplomorpha sikokiana).
The tissue paper might be treated with softeners, lotions or added perfume to get the right properties or "feeling".
Orchids Paper Products Company is a manufacturer of tissue products serving the at-home tissue market. 
For example, common mistakes include putting tissue boxes in the recycling bin without first removing the plastic insert, 
The underlying demand for dissolving pulp, packaging, office paper and tissue, in South Africa, and speciality papers abroad, remains strong, driven by global sustainability trends
